## <font color="#cf1b41">Should You Implement the Fellowship Program?</font color>

We have found that there are a wide variety of factors that increase the probability of a CfA-style fellowship program’s potential for success. Before embarking on the design and implementation of a Code for America-inspired fellowship program in your own country we encourage you to ask yourself the following questions and consider alternative programs that may be more suitable to your local context.

Furthermore, a tailored variation of the CfA Fellowship Program model will likely make more sense for your country. For example, our fellowship program works with a number of cities across the U.S. at a given time. Fellows do not live in the cities with which they are paired. This gives fellowship teams the opportunity to cross-pollinate their ideas and to draw upon CfA office staff for consistent support However, this model might not make sense in the context of a smaller country or in a situation where resources are not sufficient to cover travel costs for fellowship teams to frequently visit their city partners. We encourage you to take what works from our model, leave what doesn’t and create the rest.

Please also note that the fellowship program generally requires a hefty time commitment from technologists. In our experience, paying fellows is key to fostering commitment, continuity and to acquiring a talent pool capable of digesting, distilling and developing a technological intervention in response to a local government problem. In the absence of a pay structure, other program alternatives will likely be preferable.